{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=1809, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww12840\viewh15380\viewkind1\viewscale124
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dennis Carrasquillo\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Blog 1\
\'93= vs ==\'94\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In computer programming there are certain symbols used that are called operators. These operators perform many different functions that we are not going to get into as of now. The operators that will be the focus of this blog are the \'93=\'94 and \'93==\'94 ones. So we have all taken math  at one point in our lives, or at least I hope so. We know the \'93=\'94 means that a certain equation is equal to this value. In computer programming using the \'93=\'94 does not have that same meaning. A single equals sign is an assignment operator. What on earth does that mean? Well for example if we are writing a code and we have what is called a variable, which is just a container for something, and we have the variable of the type String called \'93name\'94. We want to assign our name to the \'93name variable right? Confused? Bear with me.  Using the example it would look like this:\
\
String name = \'93Dennis\'94;\
\
In this case name doesn't equal \'93Dennis\'94. We have just assigned the string \'93Dennis\'94 for the time being. We could change the string later on to read another name is we so chose like this:\
\
String name = \'93Dennis\'94;\
Name = \'93Lindsay\'94;\
\
If we were to print \'93name\'94, it would read Lindsay now instead of Dennis, because we assigned the variable a different string. To make a variable equal to a value, we use the \'93==\'94 operator. This is shown in the following example:\
\
if( 1 == 1) \{\
	System.out.print(\'93 1 is equal to 1!\'94);\
\}\
\
We made a simple if statement to print the \'931 is equal to 1!\'94 sentence if the value 1 is equal to the value 1. Which it is and our program was able to run. Now variables do not have to be just strings. They can be numbers, doubles, or even characters. That is subject for another time however. Hopefully, this was a short but clear presentation on how \'93=\'94 is different than \'93==\'94.\
}